To order:
Oboe (Find a cheap one; you'll sacrifice tone quality, but the tone quality is bad anyway.  You'll also lose a couple keys, mostly for alternate fingerings. The only note you lose is the lowest B flat; you could either make something mechanically to deal with that, or just tell the code to take that note up an octave. You may also need to reprint the middle bracket if the thumb rest is a different shape. Middle bracket needs to stop the oboe from bending up and down (which messes with the solenoids), and stop it from rotating when the servos hit side keys (which really messes with the solenoids).)
Reeds (This might be tricky; I'm not sure what kinds of reeds work best here, and if you just order store-bought reeds you don't know what you're going to get. If you can find an oboist (especially one who can make/modify reeds; I can do that, but I don't know that I'll be anywhere close to campus next year), that would be a big plus here. I've left the one we've been using in the electronics box, but it's starting to crack so you'll probably want to get others in the future.)
Extra servos? (Apparently we use a slightly different model from the standard ones lying around Roboclub. But if you're okay regluing fingers to different servo horns, that works too.)

Setup:
When you first give the robot and Arduino power, all servos reset to either vertical (if possible) or almost running into the frame (otherwise), allowing you to put fingers back on and put the oboe in without too much recalibration.
You'll then want to raise the solenoid bar (unscrew the top two connections into the vertical bars), slide the oboe in, drop the vertical bar back down and tighten it it. We use the black tape as a marker; bottom of black tape should line up with top of side bars.
To get the reed in, slide the solenoid valve apparatus out along the black bar, put the reed in the oboe, slide the valve back on (Careful not to chip the reed! Don't put the heat shrink over the cork part, or the tip of the reed gets close to hitting the back of the valve apparatus.), then connect it somehow (we twisted wire around the heat shrink and the string part of the reed).

To fix when possible:
Broken servos: B (4th on right) and B flat (3rd on left), plus possibly others (order extra?) Back octave key finger (1st on right) keeps falling off when used; not sure if it's a servo problem or an attachment problem (consider glue).
(Servo labels: 1st means closest to top, 4th means closest to bell. Left/right are assuming you're looking from the top down the oboe toward the bell)
Wiring seems okay (functional) for now, but feel free to test this. It's not uncommon for connections to get messed up in transit. (I did my most recent testing in Roboclub, but the robot still has to make it on/off the shelf.)

Troubleshooting:
There are three switches in the power box (for 12V rail and each of the other two rails); make sure they're on
Make sure the robot and air compressor are plugged into the wall, and the air compressor is turned on
Make sure the Arduino is plugged into a computer (green LED should light up)
Make sure the MIDI cable is plugged into the computer and the MIDI shield is plugged into the robot (need to unplug it when uploading code, since we don't have a nice one with a program/run switch, but hopefully you don't need to do that too much)
Heat shrink to reed connection is iffy. We took two pieces of wire and twisted it mostly closed; it seems to help if a little air is leaking, but too much is bad. You also want to be careful when taking the reed in and out, since if you chip the reed tip, the reed might not work as well. If anyone can come up with a more consistent way to make that work, that's great.

Anything on the 12V rail (smaller board; contains air control solenoid valve and 3rd solenoid) has a tendency to disconnect itself when moving the robot around and setting it up, so check that if those aren't working
Some of the blue connectors between servos and power rails and power rails and the magic wall power box get loose sometimes (hasn't been too big of a deal recently though). Connections between servos and the wires to the board are also iffy sometimes. (If you're moving stuff around, make sure the colors match. We occasionally use purple as power (instead of red) and white for ground (instead of black). That might be worth changing, but I suspect that's something that just never gets done.)


Things we hacked together (might want to fix, but low priority):
G solenoid (3rd one) wasn't pushing hard enough before our demo, so we pushed it over to the 12V rail for the air control solenoid valve. This should probably be switched back at some point, but it works for now
We glued the octave key servo horn to its servo for our demo, but then I removed it because I wanted to swap the servo. But if it or other fingers start falling off when you're using them, consider doing that.
Tubing on the inside of the air compressor has a hole. We took the top off the air compressor and duct taped the tube, but it didn't really help. End result is that air leaks out of the air compressor even when stuff is turned off. Not a huge deal (the instrument still works), but it means the air compressor is running more than it would be otherwise (and means you can't use more than about 40 psi output pressure, but that's more than we need). If you've got extra money and no idea what to do with it, it might be worth replacing, but it's not a priority.

Crazy ideas (super low priority):
Better reed connection
Implement half-hole on first solenoid (shouldn't be too hard, but it scared the MechEs on my team. You'd use it for C sharp through E flat one octave above middle C as a human; I'm just telling the robot to use the back octave key on those notes and hoping for the best)